So we have two more things
left to take a look at, and
the first is dealing with local packages.
This is where we're getting
into modular architecture, and
what we're gonna do in this
chapter is bring that library that
we created together at the beginning
of the workshop, chat-stdlib.
We're gonna bring that into our
chat project and in doing so,
demonstrate how you can just use yarn and
get a lot of the benefits of a mono repo.
This is something you
can't do with yarn1.x.
You need to have a modern version
of yarn in order for this to work.
What we're gonna look at
first is like how does yarn
understand that we're working
with a mono repo here?
So we'll look at the root level package
json and this is very important.
When we're dealing with yarn workspaces,
and have a workspaces property in
our package json that is describing
where all of the packages can be found.
Where you call each one of
these things a workspace,
where the various workspaces can be found.
This is a convention that
a lot of people follow.
They have packages slash, and
then every subfolder of packages
ends up being its own workspace.
So I'm following that here, but
you could make this whatever you like.
And what that means is,
if we close this up a little bit,
These are all different packages here.
So if you've taken TypeScript
fundamentals or intermediate TypeScript,
here are our notes for those two courses.
This is the course website.
This is a fundamentals little
like hello TypeScript project.
Here's that HTTP error.
Dependency we brought in that didn't
have any type information, but
it had this like HTTP error class.
Turns out that has been
in here as a workspace.
And now we're gonna work with these two.
We're gonna bring this
package into this one here.
The benefits will become pretty
clear as we do this, but
the first benefit we're gonna, I think we
already see, is you get encapsulation.
Here or publishing package, but
we're building a dist folder.
And it has a very deliberately created
DTS roll up where we can say this
is a private thing that one
should be able to call this.
I can opt into beta features.
So you could have some stuff
in here that sort of internal.
You're managing complexity by doing this.
We'll see other benefits in a moment here,
but for now let's bring the package in.
So we're gonna go to chats package json,
and
we are gonna add a new dependency here.
Chat.
Standard library, and
that's pretty accurate there.
Workspace:*.
So this is the special
yarn workspace thing.
NPM will not understand this, so
don't try to use this with NPM.
Or you're in for a bad time.
This you can think of as kind of the same,
you can do like this.
It sort of relates to defining how
this dependency will float forward.
It's not actually important in
the context of this project because for
this to matter, this character here, you'd
have to be publishing this stuff to NPM.
That's where this starts to matter.
What version of chat-std lib does chat
need, like if they were both libraries?
That would be defined in terms of this.
Whether you'll accept a major version or
a minor version, change,
that's where you'd find that.
So, we're going to need to then run yarn.
Because it's gonna wire up dependencies.
Some representation of this,
I believe ends up in,
maybe not, just gonna say could
end up in the lock file, but
I guess just having it in
the package json is sufficient.
Sorry, I didn't save
this How I've indicated.
So we can look at what we see there.
Sure enough, there we go.
So it's saying, You could just see that
it had some effect on the yarn lock file.
I'm not gonna try to read
through a lock file there.
So the next thing we're gonna do is
delete a few files from our chat
app because we're not gonna
need them anymore and
we're gonna depend on the library
we wrote to deliver these.
So they're gonna be in the utils folder.
We'll delete error,
it's gonna be deferred an error.
So delete those.
And then we can delete their
equivalent tests because we have test
coverage in the library itself.
So in tests, utils, there's deferred and
error, getting rid of those.
Cool, now, we're gonna go
into our networking TS file.
This one here in our utils folder,
which is currently very unhappy because
it's missing its stringifyError thing.
And here, we're just gonna to say,
chat-stdlib, there's stringifyError.
It has no exported member.
I think some of you might know
what we'll have to do there,
and that is opt into the beta.
So we'll go into our tsconfig.
Actually, I'm just gonna copy it
cuz we already did this work for
the tests, for this little library.
Right here,
we're just gonna need this line,
to get that beta stringifyError function,
we got to point it to the correct types.
So, I'm going to apply this to the outer,
that's the test's tsconfig.
I'm gonna put it in our main tsconfig.
So we already have a paths object there,
we can get rid of that,
Add a comma, all right,
I'm just gonna think carefully about what
the relative path is to get to that file.
So I'm in packages > chat, so
I wanna go one up and
then into chat-stdlib.
So this will get me out to packages, and
then I'm gonna enter into chat-stdli/dist,
and then there's the beta.
And go back here and
the error is resolved.
StringifyError is coming through.
There's the beta annotation there.
So we're now consuming
this as a dependency.
It's as if it's in our
node modules folder.
Pretty cool.
So we just did the beta types.
Let's just run yarn type check.
I bet there's more.
There's got to be.
Maybe this one.
Sorry, it's time checking
the whole repo now.
There it is, api.ts.
It needs deferred.
We're gonna bring that in from
chat standard library, and
it'll resolve cuz it's in there.
That should be it.
I thought this was just like a two-liner.
Yep, there we go.